Commerzbank and Dresdner Bank grow together to form a new Commerzbank
the time has come for a new brand
a stress test merging of both houses make it clearly visible
For half a year, external and internal specialists have brand management
working with a new brand appearance is the particular challenge
was
to develop the new word picture brand for the new Commerzbank
Of course, two things are especially important on the one hand the new one
strategic approach to express new positioning
and on the other the two big traditional brands together
the brand becomes
which wine from the developed but the ideas the wishes of the customers must
Above all, we will become clear
in order to attract customers accordingly
was clear
a bank in their appearance the customer appears a consistent ever
more transparent she works through her advice but also and in particular
Due to the visual appearance St easier the customer is decision
understand and gain confidence in his bank
of course we have a lot of developers made of course
also the topic the signal light little to the Commerzbank word mark the Dresdner
Bank wants to set days in yellow and surrender to that in market research
these results were very interesting tips for us in the 2
the symbolism of the understood the new Commerzbank is visualized thereby
but at the same time we have asked ourselves the question jump with it
far enough
the three points were important to us in the further elaboration, firstly
secondly, the new Commerzbank expresses more modernity
to visualize more strongly
and thirdly, brands also distributes credits in the new word-image brand
to let live on
the new trademark member in its three-dimensionality
partnership
the attachment to the message
the transparency and that within both the staff
Packed transport crates
were not really next
It is expressed, of course, by the bright open money
and the curved flexible form the three experts
have the power of this pronounced
held for Burgdorf
and by the shape of the ballet
in the market research selected promotional rates is very clear from
landlord
both the Dresdner Bank and
as pleasing
the new brand of Commerzbank shows that from two traditional companies
often as a new state-of-the-art soundtrack white vest stands the message
denotes a party